Save the planet.
Whenever I've read that bumper
sticker I've had to laugh.
Save the planet.
What for?
And from what, ourselves?
What about God?
Can he help us?
I don't think so.
God gave us what we have
to see how we'll use it.
Shit. Rats in a cage
would've done it better.
Life's a bitch and then you die.
Bumper sticker philosophy.
Yeah, right.
Sometimes...
you get a second chance.
For hundreds of thousands of people
commuting to the Iranian capital,
this morning began
just like any other.
At least 52 people died,
along with four bombers
and 700 were injured.
If the chief U.S. interest at this
point is in combating terrorism,
as it emanates from Kazakhstan,
there really isn't anyone
to deal with other than.
Since Kazakhstan's
independence six years ago...
Get out here!
Come here!
Get back!
You remember me?
You sold me a gun that don't work.
It almost got me killed.
I paid $20 for this.
I want my money back.
Give me this.
How much.
Five Ruble.
How much?
Four.
Ok.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Toorop.
I'll save you some.
Is that a bunny?
Hey, Toorop.
Toorop.
Somebody came by looking for you.
Ok.
If the chief U.S. interest at this
point is in combating terrorism...
that emanates from Kazakhstan...
Boy, what a massacre.
The victims were killed as they
were visiting the factory
in a northeastern
Kazakhstan province.
At the peak of the rush hour,
bombs were detonated...
in three crowded trains
and aboard a bus.
At least 50...
Get up Toorop.
Karl, is that you?
I don't repeat it twice.
Get up.
I thought you were in Sudan,
killing babies.
Shut up.
Remember the last time we met?
I told you if you ever point
that gun at me again.
I'd kill you.
Get up.
Move your ass!
Who would hire a baby killer
to get me...
Who?
Do not shoot!
He don't want to kill you.
Just talk.
No shit, Karl.
If you wanted me dead,
you would've blown up the building.
Who?
Gorsky.
Karl, you're a disgrace
to the profession.
You're not a mercenary,
you're a fucking terrorist.
You need two things to live in this
business, your balls and your word.
You don't have either.
Know the difference between
you and me, Karl?
I still got both.
Damn it!
Do not shoot!
Take it easy.
Bastard, he killed him!
That was just personal
between him and me.
Let me get my things.
Amateurs.
Toorop.
See you, kid.
Thank you, Toorop.
Fuck off!
You are a hard man to find, Toorop.
I'm not hiding.
You could've knocked.
I needed to be sure that
you were the same idealist...
who worked for me 10 years ago.
So you knew I was gonna kill Karl.
I don't like you, Gorsky.
You can't trust me
and I can't trust you.
This is not about trust.
This is about...
professionalism,
ethics.
Ethics?
If it's about ethics,
I should kill you right now.
And you think that would
make the world a better place?
Look at you,
still in this shit-hole.
Surviving.
Sleeping with your gun.
No friends.
No family.
No future.
We are the same.
You and me.
We're not the same.
What do you want?
I need a smuggler.
I don't do refugees anymore.
Use your own cargo.
You own the borders anyway.
Only on this side.
This is an overseas delivery?
A girl.
She needs to be in America
in six days.
Why are you playing with me?
You know I can't get back
into that country.
You know that U.N. passports
are impossible to fake.
This is not a fake.
Inject it in your neck when
you pass the official border.
This is your new life.
Clean credit.
John Doe.
What's the catch?
You have to make a choice.
That's the catch.
I'll do it for half a mil.
I can make you do it for free.
You can't make me do shit, Gorsky.
But you can pay me what I need
so I can get the job done right.
You got yourself a deal.
A car will pick you up outside,
to take you to the rendezvous point.
Cross me,
and you'll have no place
to hide anymore,
Toorop.
That goes both ways,
Gorsky.
Shit.
Good morning.
You must be Toorop?
I am Sister Rebeka.
I just want to bring three
simple rules to your attention,
before we start our journey.
We?
I'm here to pick up one girl.
Wherever she goes, I go.
That is rule number one.
Rule number two.
The less contact she has with
the outside world, the better.
You're here to protect her
from outside influences.
That includes seeing,
hearing and feeling.
You know, it's a harsh world
out there, Sister.
I know.
That is why we live in here.
Shit, ok.
What's your third rule?
No foul language.
Do we have an agreement?
You listen to my one and only rule.
Don't fuck with me,
or I'll leave you standing
in the middle of nowhere,
with nothing but your ass
to sell to get back here.
Your perfect world.
Do we have an agreement?
Obviously, you are not a gentleman.
Obviously not.
Now that we have an understanding,
pick up the bags.
No.
Shit.
What's your name?
My name?
You don't have to talk to him.
You didn't introduce yourself.
My name's Toorop.
Are you taking us to New York?
Yes.
Now please, get into the car.
Are you a killer, Mr. Toorop?
Look lady,
I'm just a delivery boy.
And to me you're just a package.
I'm not your friend. I'm not your brother.
I'm not your boyfriend.
In six days, I'm gonna deliver
you and never see you again.
Sister Rebeka's right.
We shouldn't even talk.
Come on.
Comfy?
You wouldn't have a light, would you?
Figures.
Are you ok, baby girl?
I've never been this far.
Let's hurry up.
The train's gonna leave soon.
Take your bags.
Are you really going to need all that?
We could never have enough
firepower, Sister.
In fact...
I've never touched a gun in my life.
Now would be the perfect
moment to start.
No, thank you. I can defend myself.
Stay close. This is the real world.
There's no mercy for the weak.
Just because we're peaceful,
that doesn't mean we're weak.
It does here.
Take this.
Hurry.
Here.
Change.
What are you doing?
That's him. We're locked on.
He's a big motherfucker.
Look at him.
That won't be a problem.
And that's Aurora.
She's cute.
Put this on.
Let's stay concentrated, guys.
Come on.
What do we do now?
Hey no need to rush.
Let's give it time.
Hang on.
You want tickets?
Ok, give me three.
3 tickets?
Hey.
Where are you going?
What are you doing?
Come on.
Attention!
Every passenger must go
through post control.
Get your tickets ready.
Pass by the platform is strictly limited.
Show your tickets to the controllers.
I repeat, everyone should
go through the post control.
Hey!
Hey, something's happening
She's on the run.
Aurora!
Toorop!
Don't go.
You will die.
What are you doing?
She's felt it.
Don't go that way.
She's not used to crowds.
We have to go now. We have no time.
We have to get away.
What is wrong with you?
Make her walk or I'll carry her.
Stop. Don't touch her.
Don't go that way.
We're going now.
No! Don't touch her.
We have to get away.
Don't touch her.
Let's go!
Come on.
We'll to the train.
We need to catch it.
Come on.
Come on. Move. Move.
Get out of the way. Move!
Hey, guys, can.. Can I...
I buy these three seats off you?
Buy my goats.
Buy some more goats.
For you.
Those tigers in the cage...
they weren't real, right?
Siberian tigers went extinct in 2017.
The last one died in the Moscow Zoo.
What is she, a walking
wildlife encyclopedia?
They were clones?
Second generation clones,
not real tigers.
Copies of copies.
But they're living creatures,
made by God.
No. They were organic machines
made by man.
God made man in his image.
So what man creates,
is also God's will.
Is this what you teach her
in the convent?
Then God would be pretty fucked
up to make man in his image.
You wanna talk?
Tell me what happened
at the marketplace.
I'm gonna protect you,
I need to know what's
wrong with you.
She was scared.
It's the first time out of the convent,
and you put us in that situation.
First time out of the convent?
So I'm probably delivering you
to some billionaire playboy,
who purchased you off the Internet.
Stop, halt.
Here.
Bag.
Please give your bag.
Stop.
Body armor too.
Well, that's all, you are free.
Stay close.
What are we doing here?
Looking for a friend.
Come on. Come on.
Sit over there.
I'll be right there in a minute.
And you, don't talk to anybody.
Yo, guys. They're separating.
Don't do anything stupid.
Wait.
Get up, motherfucker.
Hey! Toorop!
How are you?
How you doing?
What you doing in this
beautiful part of Russia?
Working.
Working for who?
Hey, hey. Two shots.
Hold your positions.
We're gonna move in.
Gorsky.
He made me an offer
I couldn't refuse.
What can I do for you?
I need three passes on the boat...
and two snow bikes
on the other side.
You crossing?
I'm delivering.
The girl.
Her?
Who is she?
I don't know.
Where you taking her?
America.
What America?
You're on a terrorist list there.
Yeah.
You need a passport.
You need an identity.
You're kidding me.
You got a passport?
Yeah, and I'm not coming back.
That is a bold move.
I got 50 G's saying
you can help me out.
When?
Now.
You don't have to look.
Who is he?
He's a lost soul
See you at the landing at 0600 sharp.
You got it.
Who was that?
An old friend. A good smuggler.
You trust him? I don't trust anybody.
Come on.
Sorry, kids.
These girls are with me.
Just let her go, Toorop.
How do you know my name?
We know a lot of things
you don't know.
Yeah, like what?
Like you don't know what you're doing.
I'm doing my job.
Fuck your job.
What?
One million, tax free.
Take the money and
walk out without a fight.
Make it easy on yourself, Toorop.
Move!
Aurora!
Toorop!
No!
Hey.
Aurora!
Hey man.
Let the girl go.
Just let her go. Let her go.
Hey, man. Hey.
Hey. I don't...
No!
Get over there!
You wanna fight?
Ok, man.
Aurora!
Stop!
Stop it!
Don't kill him!
He doesn't want to hurt me.
He wanted to protect me!
Your father sent us.
My father?
Get away from her.
Get away from her!
It's ok, Aurora.
I have to know.
No.
Aurora!
Aurora.
Aurora! Aurora!
Listen to me. Stop!
Toorop! Toorop!
Come on.
Let's go.
Hurry up.
Move it.
Come on!
Go! Go!
Stop!
Let her go!
Next one dies!
Come with us.
They're ready to die for you.
I don't want anybody to die for me.
What do you think you're doing?
What's wrong with you?
You think this is a game?
Why did you shoot them?
You trying to get us killed?
Why didn't you let me go?
You don't know them!
Well, what are you gonna do,
shoot me in the head?
Shoot me like an animal?
Stop it!
I told you I'd take you
to New York, and I will.
This is way too many refugees, man.
The ice is getting thinner every year.
They're losing cargo all the time.
We're not gonna all get on the boat.
Make sure we do.
This goddamn global
warming's bad for business.
What's happening?
Watch this.
There's not much time.
They don't wanna be spotted
by satellites.
Hurry. Come on!
Come on!
Dive in two minutes.
Move!
Come on!
No!
You can't do this!
They'll die out there!
No!
You can't do this.
Get away from the controls.
What are you doing?
Stop it.
No!
Don't do that!
What's wrong?
Put it down.
No. Don't.
Hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Take it easy.
Hey, take it easy.
We go back up.
Now!
Ok. ok.
Relax.
We go back up.
Now.
Relax.
Calm down.
I feel them!
I feel them dying!
The whole Bering Sea is dead!
Jesus, Mary and Joseph.
What the fuck was that?
I was 17 years old,
living in San Francisco.
My life was a mess.
I met the wrong man.
I was lost in darkness.
But then the high priestess of
our church opened the doors,
that led me on to the path of light.
I joined the Noelites,
and I ended up in the convent.
It was a haven for women
who needed to heal.
I worked in the orphanage.
She arrived.
A little baby.
Her father was dead.
Nobody knew anything
about the mother.
I took her as my own.
I fed her.
I taught her.
Everything was fine...
until three months ago.
The doctor came.
He gave her a pill.
He was with her for 10 minutes,
and then she slowly started to change.
But nothing...
nothing as violent as what
you saw today.
But something's not making sense.
How could she know how to
operate a 30 year old Russian sub?
She's always known things
that she never experienced.
Aurora could speak when
she was two years old.
A lot of kids speak at two...
Nineteen different languages.
Who else knows about this?
Nobody but the doctor.
He told me to keep it
a secret to protect her.
He said...
that we would get the best
medical help in America.
She needs help.
To the crew.
Get ready for surface.
Get her ready.
You know two years ago...
in Uzbekistan I saw
this viral bomb go off.
It was...
It was incredible. Everybody died.
She's carrying, ain't she?
All the symptoms fit.
All that weird behavior,
I'm telling you, man
she is carrying a weapon.
You have any idea
how much money she's worth?
If she's carrying a virus,
I'll kill her myself and burn the body.
What happened to them?
Fighter drones.
Anything that moves is shot on sight.
Now we're in the zone.
It's 10 miles to the D.M.Z.
Then let's make it 10 fast miles.
Let's go!
Toorop, they're coming!
Shit. Finn, we're spotted. Hit it!
Break!
Finn, get close to me!
Finn, now!
Aurora, jump onto our bike.
I'll draw them off.
You three, hide here.
What are you doing?
Toorop cleared our way out.
We're almost at the border.
Toorop, we need you now!
It's gonna shoot us!
Toorop. Toorop!
Stop!
Toorop!
He's not dead!
Shit!
Hey, stay with me.
He's not reacting.
He's bleeding to death.
I need your help.
Ok.
We gotta get outta here now.
It's a small piece of metal.
I'm gonna take it out.
What do you need?
Just hold him.
Look, we don't have time
for this, ok?
They're gonna send more drones!
Aurora?
You got it?
I got it.
It's ok.
Give me a bandage
We should never have turned back.
He knows the rules.
I'll sew it up later.
Hey!
Now you and the passport are mine.
What are you doing?
You, I don't need.
Like I said, trust no one.
It's good.
Where did you learn to cook?
Rule number one
in the mercenary handbook.
You never had a woman
take care of you?
Sorry.
No, not in my line of work.
Finished.
She gets pleasure out of this.
Cry baby.
Cry baby?
What is that?
Painkiller?
No, thank you.
Live a little.
No.
Aurora, stop!
Spit it out.
Yuck!
Girls,
we made it across the border.
Here's to survival.
And thank you for saving my life.
Maybe now you can trust somebody.
We protected each other,
like family.
We are all going to die in New York.
Good night.
She's just scared.
Yeah, right.
Go back to sleep.
We still have a long way ahead of us.
What are you doing?
We go through customs tomorrow.
I can't take these.
You know, when Sister Rebeka
first held me as a baby,
it was a night like this.
Aurora.
That's where I got my name.
From the chaos.
It suits you.
You're risking your life for me.
Why?
I've done my time.
All this killing and pain and...
war...
For what?
I'm tired...
tired of it all.
And you're my only chance
out of this hell.
And go where?
27 Cedar Grove.
Near Canada.
It's upstate New York.
My parents had a farm...
more like a cabin with a lot of land.
It's probably in ruins,
but I might be able to fix it up.
There is no place like home.
But Kansas ain't what it used to be.
The Wizard of Oz.
1939.
That's right.
Toorop?
Are you really going to kill me
and burn my body?
I hope I won't have to.
You have reached the
limit of your water credit.
To purchase more credit,
enter your room number now.
Thirty minutes.
The bus leaves in 30 minutes.
Last plane to New York,
in two hours.
Your Highness,
they've crossed the Canadian border.
She's coming.
Let's pray.
A miracle in the making.
Trust. Invest in our new faith
Right here, girls.
Welcome, Mr. Johnson.
Your multimedia system is loading.
We wish you a pleasant stay.
It's ok.
It's safe here.
Here.
Hey,
there is no food.
Guess we're not gonna be here long.
What's wrong?
They are all dead.
Sources report the destruction
in Kyrgyzstan,
of a 1,000 year old convent,
one of the oldest continually
functioning convents in Central Asia.
Now occupied by an ascetic
branch of the Noelites,
the convent was struck by
a missile late last night.
There were no survivors.
Here, an initial reaction
from the Noelites.
It is a tragedy to think
that even defenseless women,
who made the choice
to withdraw from society,
and lead a life of purity,
should suffer the attacks of terrorists,
who have absolutely no respect
for the lives of decent,
God-fearing people.
We shall mourn our sisters...
and continue their legacy
for world peace,
through obedience,
purification,
and hope...
for the miracle we so desperately need.
Congratulations my friend.
You made it safe and sound.
Gorsky.
Did you destroy that convent?
I'm not a terrorist, Toorop.
I'm a mercenary, like you.
Bullshit.
What the hell is going?
What the hell is going on over here?
You didn't leave me a gun.
You've done your job.
A doctor is coming in a few minutes.
If she's ok, you're home free,
and the tracking device in your
passport will be deactivated.
Don't make us use it.
Sometimes it's hard to understand,
but I believe God...
has a reason for everything
that happens.
What reason could there be?
They never hurt anybody.
Maybe it was an accident.
It was not an accident.
It was destroyed right
after we crossed the border.
Would you like to pray with me?
I don't feel like praying anymore.
Toorop said I'm just a package to him.
Why did you bring me here?
Because I couldn't take care
of you anymore.
How is she?
Scared.
Yeah. Well, she should be.
Who are they?
To the left, the Range Rover goons
work for your sect, the Noelites.
To the right,
the bikers work for Gorsky.
They're all here to make sure I deliver.
And if we don't?
It's gonna be a free for all.
Look, Sister,
we traveled 6,000 miles together.
The truth is this has been a
suicide mission from the beginning.
They won't let either one
of us walk out of here alive.
That's why they destroyed
the convent.
That's the doctor,
they came to the convent
three months ago.
Ok.
Good evening, Sister.
Good evening.
Where is she?
In the room.
Good.
You're a bad man.
They're more powerful
than we expected.
Thank you, Aurora
Thank you so much.
How is she?
She's fine.
I have to run some more tests.
More tests?
Standard...
Hey, you just ran your test.
What's wrong with her?
Expect a call from...
What is wrong with her?
Toorop.
Let him go.
If you please.
Thank you, Sister.
Get over here!
What's wrong with you?
I want to know everything that you know.
Don't you think...
that if I knew anything,
I would tell you?
No, I don't think.
You're a Noelite.
You're like him.
You swore an oath.
Not to them.
To God.
God has nothing to do with it now!
You understand?
If she's carrying a virus,
she can annihilate half the city,
and I'm not gonna have it
on my conscience!
How can you believe that about her?
I don't know what I believe anymore!
I'm pregnant.
Twins.
It's not possible.
I've watched over you all your life.
No one's ever touched you.
And nobody has.
Shit.
Toorop,
they just want my babies.
Yes.
Mr. Toorop?
This is the Noelite Church C.E.O.
I know who you are.
Thank you for doing such
a good job, Mr. Toorop.
You're welcome.
Please bring the girl to the limousine,
and your mission is accomplished.
We're on our way out.
Alright, guys.
Are you ready?
Keep them in sight, guys
We can't let her go, Toorop.
Look around.
Do we have a choice?
She's your problem now.
Thank you, Toorop.
We're going in the subway.
What's wrong?
It's a missile linked to my passport.
How can you stop it?
Only by death.
Get on the subway!
Toorop.
Aurora!
I need you to live.
He's back to life.
Scars are all gone.
Doctor hasn't lost his touch.
Too bad he can't make him pretty.
Where am I?
In paradise.
We'll take you to your maker.
Good evening, Mr. Toorop.
I'm Dr. Darquandier, Aurora's father.
Thought you were dead.
It's sometimes useful to be dead.
It allows one a second chance.
You'll see.
Oh, yes. You were clinically dead
for two hours.
I fixed you up as best I could
We lost quite a bit of time
getting you from the morgue,
and then you went into a coma
for five days.
Now, Mr. Toorop, I believe
I owe you some explanation.
You see, 20 years ago I was drummed
out of the medical profession.,
for trying to implant human babies
with artificial intelligence.
Around that time, the Noelites
came to me with an unusual offer.
They wanted me to do exactly what
the rest of the world was scared of, that is...
to create a supernatural human being,
with the complete knowledge of
the world imprinted in her memory.
So I built a supercomputer,
to be Aurora's artificial mother.
As a fetus...
Aurora learned to process information,
just like a computer.
But when she was born,
she became much more than
just an experiment.
You see, she became...
she became my daughter.
She was beautiful, she was unique,
and I couldn't bring myself
to give her away, so...
That's when they hired Gorsky
to kill me.
Well,
he almost succeeded.
He took my baby away.
I searched for her for years.
I couldn't find her.
I knew that one day the Noelites
would have to present their miracle,
to the rest of the world.
What do you want from me?
I want you to find my daughter.
We think she's alive and
that she planned everything.
She even shot you with a purpose.
You see,
you died with your eyes open.
But your brain recorded more
than you can actually remember.
We just need to rewind the tape
and fiddle with your memory.
I was dead.
Precisely.
People are starving
for any kind of miracle.
We were the provider
and we had the copyright.
250 million followers today.
Two billion tomorrow.
This is what Aurora represented.
Our stock options were sky high,
and the whole world was
waiting for a revelation.
But not anymore.
Aurora was our trademark.
But now our trademark
has disappeared,
in a ball of fire like
a cheap magic trick!
And you morons can't even find a
single D.N.A. string to rebuild her.
We are finally on the verge of
becoming a bona fide religion,
and your incompetence has thrown 20
years of careful planning down the tubes.
Who gave the order to use guns
to retrieve her?
You left Gorsky no choice!
What were you thinking?
Try not to get upset, Your Highness.
It's bad for your blood pressure.
Stop fussing.
Well?
Does anyone have any suggestions?
What should we do?
Your Highness,
we want to launch a campaign,
to inform the people that we were
targets of a terrorist attack.
We need to be proactive,
not victims!
In six months,
we can offer a closer look at God,
through our new space module.
We need a miracle, not another gadget!
What?
The body stolen from
the morgue was Toorop's.
The police found the van that
transported him in New Jersey.
Who would want to abduct
the body of a dead man?
What am I looking for?
What you missed the first time.
We'll guide your memory
with our computer.
Are you ready, Mr. Toorop?
I hope so.
Fast forward.
Fast forward. Not too fast.
Those are his wars.
Don't bring him too far back.
We're losing control.
He's going back too far.
Kill!
That's his childhood.
Bring him back.
Don't lead him there.
Bring him forward.
Not on the Noelites.
On the bikers. On the bikers.
Alright.
He's way past the danger threshold.
Everyone, slow down.
Slow down! Slow down!
Let's wait. Let's wait. Let's wait!
I need you to live.
He's dead.
Wait.
Don't bring him back yet.
Go home.
It's alright. It's alright, Toorop.
You're back. You're safe.
Go home.
What does it mean?
How'd she survive the blast?
It's the babies, you see.
They're gaining power.
They're the ones guiding her.
Her capacity for survival
is greater than...
anything we could ever
have imagined.
Survival of the fittest.
We're a pathetic race, really.
We stopped evolving at a critical point.
Machines have evolved infinitely
further in the past 200 years.
And that's what I tried
to correct with Aurora.
Her babies are our future.
They are the real miracle.
You tried to correct mankind
by creating a Virgin Mary.
The Noelites have found us.
They'll be here in two minutes
Find my daughter.
You're the only one now.
Mr. Gorsky.
I hoped I wouldn't have
to see you again.
Where is my money?
You still haven't paid me.
You have an odd way of killing people.
What are you talking about?
I'm on my way to see our old friend.
Darquandier.
Impossible!
I made his car explode myself.
Mr. Gorsky, when I kill,
I kill for good.
Are you threatening me?
Bless your soul.
You need a nuke to kill me!
Bitch.
Our satellites have spotted two
vehicles leaving the compound.
It's too late to intercept them.
I'm sick and tired
of your damn excuses.
Hello, my dear.
It's lovely to see you.
Where's my daughter?
I see you haven't found her.
And you never will.
You selfish bastard.
Twenty years ago I gave you
the opportunity you wanted.
Now it's my moment.
Where is my daughter?
She's not your daughter.
She comes from me!
I designed her!
For me!
She's my miracle!
She belongs to my church!
Your church is a lie!
You're peddling miracles
for your own profit!
Are you willing to die for her?
Yes.
Why?
For a reason you will
never understand.
Love?
I understand love.
Find Toorop.
He knows where she is.
Wait here.
Toorop.
You're finally home.
What's left of it.
But I came back for you.
Have a little faith.
I thought I had saved her.
But I was wrong.
Aurora was designed to breed.
The perfect holy virgin
can't live in flesh.
She was just a vessel,
a prototype that wasn't built to last.
She was programmed
to create new life...
and disappear.
They say she won't wake up
before she gives birth.
But I'm here...
waiting.
Toorop.
Thank you...
for protecting us.
You're their father now.
Aurora.
That's the first time
you've said my name.
Save the planet...
one child at a time.
Ain't that a bitch.
By LESAIGNEUR
Sync & corrections June 2019